[Applause]
I don't know veena is a very special day
here in the United States today in case
you haven't already been celebrating his
Beyonce's birthday
Beyonce Beyonce's wanted very few people
in the world who when she blows out her
candles doesn't have to make a wish she
just I don't think she even has to blow
out the candles she's got that fan going
at all
so anyway Beyonce if you're watching the
show tonight which you most certainly
are not
happy birthday these guys have something
to celebrate because everything else in
the world has gone completely nuts
there's a Catholic school in Nashville
Tennessee or if you heard about this is
made the educated decision to ban Harry
Potter books from the library and the
reason they're doing this is because the
man who runs the school believes the
incantations in the book could conjure
evil spirits for real the natural
statement from the Reverend Ann Marie
Hill who said the curses and spells used
in the books are actual curses and
spells which when read by a human being
risk conjuring evil spirits into the
presence of the person reading the text
again this is not someone who lives in a
mental institution this is the lead
educator at a school in the United
States of America Reverend Rijo said he
consulted multiple exorcists in the
United States in Rome and they suggested
getting rid of the books and so he got
rid of the books and of course I would
love to know more about this so we
reached out to school and we are joined
now by father Dan Rijo of the st.
edward's school in natural that's right
he's with us and well let's go to him
now hello Reverend
listings upon you godless Hollywood
sodomite well blessings upon you to
Reverend I appreciate you taking time
let's get right to it why are you
banning the Harry Potter books why am i
banning the books yes why are you
banning these beloved books because the
spells in these books when read aloud
can summon demons uh-huh it's pretty
obvious to me why I banned well but
these books are so popular I mean if
that were true if the spells summoned
demons when you read them aloud wouldn't
there be millions of demons out there
running around already there are have
you ever been to a Six Flags come on
that's just silly
those people read books silently to
themselves no conjuring no problem
that's fine oh that is not a problem but
then some dummy dad reads the thing out
loud to his kids then blamo jeez oh say
hello to Satan the devil see you're
saying Satan the devil will appear if he
reads that aloud
that's right with pointy horns and a big
red penis and everything all done now
what about what about the Harry Potter
movies people have been watching those
for years they all say the spells out
loud hmm excuse me for one sec let me
just give that little thought Reverend
it's I'll be right back okay what's
going on there wherever
okay I got the answer now what is the
answer
movies don't count oh okay
Reverend are you huffing paint because
that's very dangerous
relax its holy paint oh okay the big
guys huff regular pay now that I'm not
some kind of nut now of course night but
you should probably stop that I wish I
could but I love it too much all right
well rabbit Reverend are the spells in
Harry Potter of the only spells we
should be worried about or there are
other spells to fear that is a great
question Jose oh thank you no evil
spells are everywhere huh huh did you
know every time Michael Jackson sing
mamasay mamasa mamakusa angels got it
from the media well that can't possibly
be true there's no way coming through
the holy paint Jimmy damnation its cat
oh no I'm sorry to hear that
excuse me I have to go out to the
minivan all right Thank You Reverend I
appreciate your time thanks um
[Applause]
oh he president Trump's finally getting
the money for that wall of his he's the
Pentagon yesterday agreed to transfer
3.6 billion dollars from their budget
the military budget to help pay for his
wall which well Nancy Pelosi today said
canceling the the military construction
projects they'll know how if the cut is
going to undermine our national security
and the quality of life of our troops
which may be true but on the other hand
now we'll have a wall his Taj Mahal and
now some people have suggested that
taking money from the military to pay
for this violates Trump's promise during
the campaign that Mexico would pay for
the wall but if you go back and you
actually look at the tapes you can see
that is clearly not the case I will
build a great great wall on our southern
border and I will have the Department of
Defense we will build a wall and our
defense budget will pay for
who's gonna pay for the wall let me tell
you something about that wall
that wall is like Donald Trump sex life
he talks a big game but in the end he
will not be able to get it up
this is I know I say this every night
but this is a crazy story but this story
tells you all you need to know about our
prison so you know over the weekend he
incorrectly tweeted that hurricane
durian was headed for Alabama the state
of Alabama and then The Weather Service
in Alabama has a tweet they Alabama will
not see any impact from durian we repeat
no impact from Hurricane durian will be
felled across Alabama the system will
remain too far east and the president
didn't like that because he said it was
coming and now they're saying it's not
and he lashed out at among others ABC
News he's insisting that the hurricane
was originally forecast to be headed
toward Alabama which it was not and then
he moved on to the next crazy thing and
everybody forgot about that everyone
that is except for one person him at the
White House this afternoon Trump gave an
update on the storm and he had a visual
aid and watch this we had actually our
original chart was that it was going to
be him hitting part and directly maybe I
could you see that Kevin it was going to
be hitting directly and I would have
affected a lot of other states but that
was the original chart ok so twice he
said that was the original chart but
let's zoom in you can see someone drew a
circle with
what seems to be a sharpie so the
original chart now includes Alabama this
now this was the real original chart it
which did not include Alabama and this
is what Trump showed us today with
Alabama and so the question is who at
the White House would do this could it
be someone who loves sharpies so go with
the folks a chumpy and I said do me a
favor can you make the pen in black make
it look rich and he said not only we can
do that we can put your signature and
say that's your signature right there
yeah that's right he's not even trying
to hide the lives anymore not only do we
have fake news we now have fake weather
too it's I'm hoping we get fake sports
he really must think we're a bunch of
idiots I bet he thinks like hey they let
me president let's see what other dumb
crap they'll go for the Russians love
this I'm sure but you know the Russians
are the only ones trying to meddle in
our elections according to a new study
from NYU most of the disinformation for
the 2020 election could come from
Americans on Instagram there's a lot of
fake stuff on intra for instance you
know how when you see photos of people
and they look happy they're not but the
study predicts that most of the
intentionally misleading political posts
will be spread not by Russians this time
but by Americans pushing lies and
conspiracy theories basically Putin took
off our training wheels and gave us a
shove and now we're doing it all on our
own and it's pretty easy to trick people
on Instagram
for instance what appears to be a pair
of breasts might instead be a very
attractive
have you been doing squats no no
exercise for me and another threat to
the election are these what they call
deep fake videos these are the the kick
clips and they manipulate them to make
it look as if someone did or said
something they did not do for example
this video of Donald Trump and Mike
Pence appearing on their favorite
television show might not be authentic
[Music]
[Applause]
now I called you a lip-sync assassin
this season how do you plan to come out
on top tonight do you mean beside the
loose pearls and razor blades yes it
decides all about that yes well the
stage is where I'm most comfortable this
is my home so I'm just gonna go in here
and live my very best life this only
happens once and I'm supporting you
tonight I have my mommy here thank you
mother
thank you Brooklyn how do you plan to
use that big fat ass into nice lip-sync
snack down so ladies and gentlemen give
it up for Brooklyn Heights
[Applause]
you see
all right so that's fact of this
hurricane this morning in Florida police
were alerted to the fact that 15 kilos
of cocaine had washed up on the beach
now this is one of the packages this is
quite a discovery guy was walking on the
beach he found this stuff and joining us
now live from Cocoa Beach is the man who
found the 15 kilos goose halper goose
are you are you with us good beer so
exciting
holy moly on this side of TV who's I'm
told you found something on the beach it
is in book I went for a hard morning
sprint and saw what looked like Grubbs
so I smell it and sure enough 12 kilos
of cocaine wild gym just wild yeah well
it sounds white weight 12 kilos 15 kilos
sorry it's really windy Jimmy baby yeah
I'm so excited to be on TV okay believe
it like I was saying it's not every day
you find the six and a half kilos of
cocaine am i right anyway hey how's the
weather there what's going on bad it's
really bad
I think I'm gonna just hunker down for a
few days and work on this great idea I
have for a screen flight you want to
hear all about it's about this dude
right awesome guy this guy kicked some
serious ass up anyway he's bringing down
the beach when he finds two kilos of
cocaine or two kilos hold on a sec well
listen stay safe goosey you probably
shouldn't be out there I'll be careful
with that
hurricane hell yeah I will man you know
people are saying they're finding
cocaine on the beach down here I haven't
seen any
[Music]
[Applause]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it